Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/arabic-speaking-sales-executive-for-international-jewellery-brand-396689


















Jobs
Salaries
Resources

Free CV Review

CV Writing Service
Labour Laws
Public Holidays
For Employers



Login




Register









        Arabic Speaking Sales Executive for International Jewellery Brand
    









                        Maximilian London Jewellery
                    

Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 28 Nov 2023




                    Easy Apply
            




New Job Search











                {{ flashMessage.message }}
            

×








JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE


Expand all






Employment:

                            Full Time
                        



MaximiliaN London is a global brand active in the high-end watch and jewellery industry. Entirely independent and pursuing a time-honoured tradition since 1999, the brand is well-known worldwide. Headquartered in London, England, it produces exceptional watch and jewellery creations, in line with its values of quality, creativity and heritage.
International Jewellery House of MaximiliaN London is now recruiting for the position of Sales Executive at its flagship boutique located in the Dubai Mall – Grand Atrium.
In line with the Company’s diversity policy, female candidates will be preferred with at least 2 years of sales experience in the jewellery, watches and luxury market segments.
Fluent English (both in written and oral) is compulsory. Knowledge of Arabic and Chinese is a plus. Only well-presented and well-spoken candidates located in the UAE will be considered for the position. 
Please send your CV with a cover later and photo online.

Salary:

                            AED
                                                                                                            9,000 to 11,000
                                                                                                    per month inclusive of fixed allowances.
                            
Additional benefits: Sales Commission








REQUIREMENTS
•	Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Marketing (preferred)
•	5+ years of retail/relevant experience in the luxury sector (preferred)
•	Deep understanding and knowledge of brand and full range of all products, stones, history and services to convey the brands heritage and values
•	Knowledge and understanding of security, logistics, and operational procedures (i.e. product handling, inventory control, etc.)
•	Good understanding of the relevant marketplace and client demographic
•	Strong negotiation skills with excellent communication and interpersonal skills
•	Proficient in MS Office, computer knowledge
•	Experience and working knowledge of CRM systems
•	Demonstrable track record of over-achieving quota
•	Strong written and verbal communication skills
•	Fluency in English (essential)
•	Proficiency in Arabic/Chinese (preferred)






ABOUT THE COMPANY
Jewellery House MaximiliaN-London is best known for its exceptional expertise, transformers jewelry sets and the precious stones investment services.
The Jewellery House of MaximiliaN-London was founded in 2005 and is best known for its expertise, handmade craftsmanship and innovative precious stone settings.
All the MaximiliaN-London jewels are transformers. The brooch is easily converted into a ring, necklace into a bracelet, earrings into pendants. Only the rarest, most valuable and largest precious gemstones in the world such as Burmese Rubies, Colombian Emeralds, Kashmir and Burmese Sapphires are used in the production.






                    Easy Apply
            























Explore Maximilian London Jewellery careers
Receive relevant jobs by email


Find Top Talent




Explore our CV database




Post a job now








Other jobs you might be interested in


                                    Sales Representative Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Sales Assistant Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Sales Manager Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Sales Executive Jobs in Abu Dhabi
                                




                                    Show More
                                




                                    Sales Executive Jobs in Sharjah
                                




                                    Sales Executive Jobs in Ajman
                                













            Advertise Here
        








