Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/assistant-fraud-risk-manager-396587


















Jobs
Salaries
Resources

Free CV Review

CV Writing Service
Labour Laws
Public Holidays
For Employers



Login




Register









        Assistant Fraud Risk Manager
    









                        Flow Talent
                    

UAE
Posted on: 27 Nov 2023




                    Easy Apply
            




New Job Search











                {{ flashMessage.message }}
            

×








JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE


Expand all






Employment:

                            Full Time
                        



Flow Talent is working with a leading bank who are hiring an Assistant Fraud Risk Manager for their Umm Al Quwain office. 

 Please note that you must meet all the criteria set out below for your application to be considered. Suitable candidates will be contacted within 5 working days. If you are not contacted by us within that time, please consider your application unsuccessful on this occasion. 

 Key aspects of the role include: 
 - Serve as a point of contact for subject matter expertise on topics related to fraud prevention.  
 -  Implement and manage the Enterprise fraud monitoring system.  
 -  Develop and implement comprehensive fraud prevention strategies.  
 -  Implement monitoring tools and systems to detect suspicious activities and potential fraud incidents.  
 -  Prepare and present regular reports on fraud risk management activities to management.  
 -  Provide insights into emerging fraud trends and recommend improvement to the risk management strategy.  
 -  Conduct and lead the investigations related to suspected fraud incidents.  
 -  Develop content for fraud awareness training and campaigns.  
 -  Liaise with external partners such as regulatory bodies and banks to maintain intelligence exchange.  











REQUIREMENTS
To be successful you will need to meet the following: 
 - Bachelor's Degree in Accounting & Auditing, Mathematics, Statistics, Actuarial Sciences, Economics, Criminal Justice, or similar. Certified Fraud Examiner is a plus.  
 -  Graduate/Postgraduate in Financial Engineering.  
 -  Minimum 10 years' experience of which at least 7 years in criminal fraud investigation in a local bank in the UAE or large-sized bank in other geographies.  
 -  In-depth knowledge of fraud prevention and detection techniques, technologies, and industry best practices.  
 -  Implemented and managed an Enterprise fraud monitoring system.  
 -  Knowledge of Principles, theories, and practices of law enforcement court/ hearing, records, rules, procedures, and protocol.  
 -  Must have managed a team of 6-10 professionals.  
 -  Applicants should be available for face-to-face interviews in the location mentioned above.  

 Must read: 85% of employees in the banking sector are expecting a salary increase this year. 

Are you on Instagram? Follow us to make sure you to stay up to date with the latest industry news, vacancies and more! 






ABOUT THE COMPANY
Flow Talent have been sourcing the best Banking, Technology, Financial Services & Legal professionals locally and internationally for leading organisations across the Middle East region since 2018.
Through years of experience, we know there is significant demand for highly skilled professionals and pride ourselves on having the highest calibre candidates. As a team, we strive to help our clients achieve operational and business excellence by identifying quality talent, quickly, through our collaborative approach.
Flow place professionals in the following sectors:
- Banking & Financial Services
- Digitalisation & Technology
- Legal & Compliance
We help our clients with:
-   Contingent Recruitment:
-   Retained Recruitment
-   Emiratization and Saudization
-   Market Entry






                    Easy Apply
            























Explore Flow Talent careers
Receive relevant jobs by email


Find Top Talent




Explore our CV database




Post a job now








Other jobs you might be interested in


                                    Assistant Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Assistant Jobs in Abu Dhabi
                                




                                    Assistant Jobs in Sharjah
                                




                                    Assistant Jobs in Ajman
                                




                                    Show More
                                




                                    Assistant Jobs in Al Ain
                                




                                    Assistant Jobs in Riyadh
                                













            Advertise Here
        








