Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/executive-assistant-french-speaking-396684


















Jobs
Salaries
Resources

Free CV Review

CV Writing Service
Labour Laws
Public Holidays
For Employers



Login




Register









        Executive Assistant - French Speaking
    









                        Robert Half
                    

UAE
Posted on: 28 Nov 2023




                    Easy Apply
            




New Job Search











                {{ flashMessage.message }}
            

×








JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE


Expand all






Employment:

                            Full Time
                        



The Company 

Robert Half are working with a leading organisation based in the Dubai, who are seeking an experienced Executive Assistant to support their CEO. Must be French speaking.

The Role 

 * Full diary management for the CEO
 * Booking all travel requests
 * Office management
 * Arranging high level meetings
 * Inbox management, flagging most critical issues and ensuring completion







REQUIREMENTS
The Candidate 

 * Must be French speaking
 * 2 to 5 years minimum experience 
 * Excellent communication with the ability to interact at the most senior level
 * Excellent computer skills
 * You must be able to support out-with office hours as per the business needs

Salary and Benefits
Up to 15,000- 18,000 AED per month, plus company benefits

Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. Pay and salary ranges are dependent upon experience, qualifications and training. If you wish to apply, please read our Privacy Notice describing how we may process, disclose and store your personal data.






ABOUT THE COMPANY
Founded in 1948, Robert Half International Inc. (NYSE symbol: RHI) is the world\'s first and largest specialized staffing firm and a member of the S&P 500 index. We are a global leader in professional staffing and consulting services and the parent company of Protiviti, a leading independent internal audit and business and technology risk consulting firm. For 2006, Robert Half International reported revenues of $4 billion and now has staffing and consulting operations in more than 400 locations worldwide.






                    Easy Apply
            























Explore Robert Half careers
Receive relevant jobs by email


Find Top Talent




Explore our CV database




Post a job now








Other jobs you might be interested in


                                    Personal Assistant Jobs in UAE
                                




                                    Office Manager Jobs in UAE
                                




                                    Legal Secretary Jobs in UAE
                                




                                    Executive Assistant Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Show More
                                




                                    Executive Assistant Jobs in Abu Dhabi
                                




                                    Executive Assistant Jobs in Sharjah
                                













            Advertise Here
        








