Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/government-regulatory-affairs-professional-394993


















Jobs
Salaries
Resources

Free CV Review

CV Writing Service
Labour Laws
Public Holidays
For Employers



Login




Register









        Government & Regulatory Affairs Professional
    









                        IBM Middle East
                    

Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 28 Nov 2023




                    Easy Apply
            




New Job Search











                {{ flashMessage.message }}
            

×








JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE


Expand all






Employment:

                            Full Time
                        



Introduction 
At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk.

Your Role and Responsibilities 
 The Government and Regulatory Affairs (GRA) Executive for the United Arab Emirates(UAE) will be responsible for public policy and regulatory issues that impact the company in the country. S/He will oversee the development of proactive public policy strategies to favorably impact the company's operating environment in the Country and their relationships with the US. Though this is not a sales position, s/he will also build effective relationships that can support the company in achieving new business with government customers and identify potential business/investment opportunities and/or partnership opportunities through their networks.

A keen understanding of government relationships in the Kingdom and how to navigate them successfully are critical given the strong emphasis placed on an overall strategic approach to public policy and government affairs. While relationship with government leaders is key, it's is also important that the candidate be able to develop and grow relationships with other companies and trade associations in the region.

The GRA Executive for UAE will work with the Country General Manager, the Consulting Leader, Legal, Communications and other colleagues in the global Government and Regulatory Affairs organization to develop and implement the company's strategies as they relate to issues including, but not limited to: tax and corporate governance; market access and trade; workforce flexibility; technology policy and intellectual property; healthcare and environmental affairs; and public sector spending plans in areas such as AI, cloud and quantum, sustainability and energy, cybersecurity, and other procurement areas. In addition, S/he will be responsible for driving policy alignment with company's key objectives and partnership strategy.

The position will report to the Manager, Government and Regulatory Affairs, Middle East and will have strong functional guidance from in country legal counsel. S/He will be a key advisor to the company's country leadership team and will be expected to consult with and advise members of senior management on all governmental programs matters to ensure alignment of company goals and objectives. Significant business and stakeholder relationship experience is critical, as well as the ability to build effective external and internal relationship networks.

An understanding of the IT industry would be an important plus; however, deep functional experience in global public policy, with proven relationships and coalition building skills, is considered essential. Strong analytical skills and in-depth understanding of decision-making mechanisms of the Emirati government and public policy settings are also of great importance of the success for this role.

Additionally, the Executive, Government and Regulatory Affairs will:
- Act as a key external messenger who can effectively translate and communicate the direction of the company and its strategy to external stakeholders in government and the corporate community.
- Oversee the creation and execution of government relations strategies and programs to ensure access to policy makers and influential persons, such that resulting government actions are aligned with company goals.
- Provide thought leadership in key public policy areas.
- Develop appropriate policy issues to help set the agenda and shape future events.
- Devise and implement an aggressive and pro-active strategic plan for successfully achieving specific results that are locally relevant in the Country, while remaining globally consistent with the company's business strategy.
- Contribute to company's overall global government affairs strategy; provide context on how the Country fits into both the Gulf and global landscape.
- Collaborate with corporate functions and business units to analyze and manage political risk in the Country; this covers new projects and scenarios, as well as existing and ongoing programs.
- Effectively position the company as world-class, with high integrity, competitive and sustained performance, and as a valued partner.
- Establish and maintain high-level contacts with a wide variety of industry and nonindustrial individuals and groups who are in a position to compel/promote public, community, and government actions favorable to the company; work closely with senior management to assist in the development of those policy positions and relationships that increase the profile of the company in support of the company's business objectives, customer initiatives, and reputation.
- Maintain strong communications between the various line units, functions and the Country General Manager.
- Serve as a trusted advisor and spokesperson for the company in UAE. 









REQUIREMENTS
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
The ideal candidate has 5 years of experience in project management role that involves government or government affairs.The ideal candidate will also be/have:
- Excellent verbal and written communications skills including the ability to persuasively communicate complex concepts and programs at the highest levels of government and business.
- Flexibility, drive and an energetic and dynamic approach to problem solving.
- A demonstrated ability to "move the needle" with regard to political and policy matters. 
- Sound business judgment and a commercial outlook.
- The ability to both develop and execute a strategic plan.
- The ability to anticipate changes in public policy and government regulation that could affect the company, and to develop proactive solutions to address those changes.
- The ability to represent company with integrity and stature.
- The ability to work across the full range of company's business operations that can be affected by government policies and regulations; a keen interest in learning the business and building effective internal networks to become effective.

Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
* Experience working for a large corporation is preferred, and direct experience within government is a plus. Global acumen and experience is also valued. , 
* An advanced degree in public policy will be considered favorably.








ABOUT THE COMPANY
For more than six decades, IBM Middle East & Pakistan has played a vital role in shaping the information technology landscape of the region. Today, IBM is part of the region's technological fabric, solving real-world business and societal challenges, through its offices in UAE, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait and Pakistan, and also a diversity of centers across the region.
Within the region, IBM currently has groundbreaking initiatives in cloud computing, analytics, mobile, security, as well as nanotechnology, eGovernment, healthcare and many more, collaborating with leading educational institutes and governments. IBM supports hundreds of clients to drive transformation through technology, contributes to regional research & development programs and has an active Corporate Service Corps (CSC) program.
Reinvention is a keyword in the company's history and, today, IBM is much more than a "hardware, software, services" company. IBM is now emerging as a cognitive solutions and cloud platform company.






                    Easy Apply
            























Explore IBM Middle East careers
Receive relevant jobs by email


Find Top Talent




Explore our CV database




Post a job now








Other jobs you might be interested in


                                    Senior Public Relations Officer Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Teacher Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Project Coordinator Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Public Relations Officer Jobs in Abu Dhabi
                                




                                    Show More
                                




                                    Public Relations Officer Jobs in Sharjah
                                




                                    Public Relations Officer Jobs in Ajman
                                













            Advertise Here
        








