Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/head-of-pr-government-affairs-385212


















Jobs
Salaries
Resources

Free CV Review

CV Writing Service
Labour Laws
Public Holidays
For Employers



Login




Register









        Head of PR & Government Affairs
    









                        Kinetic Business Solutions
                    

Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 28 Nov 2023




                    Easy Apply
            




New Job Search


View Similar Jobs











                {{ flashMessage.message }}
            

×








JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE


Expand all






Employment:

                            Full Time
                        



A leading Pharmaceutical company is actively recruiting a Head of PR & Government Affairs for their Dubai office. 

 Please note that you must meet all the criteria set out below for your application to be considered. Suitable candidates will be contacted within 5 working days. If you are not contacted by us within that time, please consider your application unsuccessful on this occasion. 

 The main responsibilities will include but not limited to: 
 - Develop and implement comprehensive external communications & PR strategies to promote company brand and reputation.  
 -  Collaborate with internal teams to identify events, achievements, and initiatives for external promotion.  
 -  Establish and maintain strong relationships with government bodies, authorities, and relevant stakeholders.  
 -  Act as a liaison between the company and government entities, addressing inquiries and providing necessary information.  
 -  Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure alignment of external communication and government affairs strategies.  







REQUIREMENTS
 To be successful you will need to meet the following: 
 - Bachelor's degree in Public Relations, Government Affairs, Communications, or similar.  
 -  Proven experience in a similar role within the pharmaceutical industry.  
 -  Must have experience with the Ministry of Health including regulatory bodies and authorities.  
 -  Experience in managing Gulf Markets and potentially expanding responsibilities to cover Saudi.  
 -  Strong networking and relationship-building skills with a track record of successful stakeholder engagement.  
 -  Excellent verbal and written communication in English. Arabic is a plus.  
 -  Applicants should be available for face-to-face interviews in the location mentioned above.  






ABOUT THE COMPANY
Kinetic is a Middle East-based company that has been successfully providing a full range of recruitment solutions for leading Pharmaceutical, Agritech, Medical Device, Chemical and Sustainability organizations since 2012.
We provide an executive search service geared to any level of roles within these verticals which is led by industry experts. Our service is driven by innovative, established and proven research teams who customize each individual requirement from our clients.






                    Easy Apply
            























Explore Kinetic Business Solutions careers
Receive relevant jobs by email


Find Top Talent




Explore our CV database




Post a job now












            Advertise Here
        







 Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:






                            Marketing Manager
                        




Kinetic Business Solutions




Dubai



                                                    1 Nov 2023
                                            











                            Brand Marketing Manager - Eyewear
                        




Kinetic Business Solutions




Dubai



                                                    15 Nov 2023
                                            











                            Marketing Communication Manager
                        




Nabni Real Estate Developments




Dubai



                                                    6 Sep 2023
                                            











                            Media and Public Relations Officer
                        




Gold Standard DMCC




Dubai



                                                    15 Sep 2023
                                            











                            Administration Operations Manager (Executive Assistant)
                        




Middle East Executive




Dubai



                                                    21 Sep 2023
                                            







