Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/junior-architect-396646


















Jobs
Salaries
Resources

Free CV Review

CV Writing Service
Labour Laws
Public Holidays
For Employers



Login




Register









        Junior Architect
    









                        Stantec
                    

Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 28 Nov 2023




                    Easy Apply
            




New Job Search











                {{ flashMessage.message }}
            

×








JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE


Expand all






Employment:

                            Full Time
                        



At Stantec, we approach every project as a partnership, because our work creates a lasting impact on our clients’ communities. We believe that when smart, passionate, creative people come together, real possibilities are within reach.

Our people are at the heart of everything we do; they give our work purpose. If you want to be a part of our unwavering team and can bring your sense of imagination and determination to every challenge, then this is the right place for you. 

Stantec is seeking a talented and motivated design professional to advance our architectural practice. The role of Junior Architect will involve a wide range of buildings project types in support of our current, high profile client base.  

Key responsibilities:
Working with Lead Architect and Architectural Technicians to deliver projects in the building and water sectors. The successful candidate must possess a good level of technical competency in building design. 

Key Accountabilities:
• Preparation of design and drawings for all types of buildings as per requirements. 
• To create a variety of exterior and interior architectural 3D models.
• Delivering BIM projects using Revit software.
• Work in collaboration with Project lead and other leads and engineers, designers.
• Ensure the use of consistent design standards and best practices on projects
• Project related Communication and co-ordination with other discipline as well as with region.
• Complete all work in line with STANTEC Core Values and in accordance with STANTEC Quality Systems and Project Quality Procedures.







REQUIREMENTS
• Degree qualified (or equivalent) in Architecture.
• 5 years minimum experience being an Architect.
• Expert in Revit architecture with commitment to continuing professional development.
• Knowledge in Architectural principles, techniques and technical detailing is required to execute the Architectural working drawings to acceptable international standards.
• Should be able to work alone or as part of a team, taking ownership for assigned deliverables & outputs.
• Strong in communication skills (written/verbal) and able to contribute effectively to discipline specific discussions
• Strong interpersonal skills, able to interact with team members of different disciplines.
• Practical, ‘hands-on’ and up-to-date experience in Architectural design.
• Be inventive and imaginative in building design and master planning. 
• Enthusiastic, self-motivated team player, keen to develop with our growing organization.
• Demonstrated experience in using current architectural software packages including Revit Architecture.
• Knowledge of Navisworks, 3DStudio MAX, Rhino and Photoshop is added advantage.
• Dynamic with good organizational skills and able to multi-task.






ABOUT THE COMPANY
Communities are fundamental. Whether around the corner or across the globe, they provide a foundation, a sense of place and of belonging. That’s why at Stantec, we always design with community in mind.
We care about the communities we serve—because they’re our communities too. This allows us to assess what’s needed and connect our expertise, to appreciate nuances and envision what’s never been considered, to bring together diverse perspectives so we can collaborate toward a shared success.
We’re designers, engineers, scientists, and project managers, innovating together at the intersection of community, creativity, and client relationships. Balancing these priorities results in projects that advance the quality of life in communities across the globe.






                    Easy Apply
            























Explore Stantec careers
Receive relevant jobs by email


Find Top Talent




Explore our CV database




Post a job now








Other jobs you might be interested in


                                    Architect Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Architectural Draftsman Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Project Architect Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Junior Architect Jobs in Abu Dhabi
                                




                                    Show More
                                




                                    Junior Architect Jobs in Ajman
                                




                                    Junior Architect Jobs in Riyadh
                                













            Advertise Here
        








