Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/lead-design-mechanical-engineer-396679


















Jobs
Salaries
Resources

Free CV Review

CV Writing Service
Labour Laws
Public Holidays
For Employers



Login




Register









        Lead Design Mechanical Engineer
    









                        Blake Anderson
                    

UAE
Posted on: 28 Nov 2023




                    Easy Apply
            




New Job Search











                {{ flashMessage.message }}
            

×








JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE


Expand all






Employment:

                            Full Time
                        



My client, a large international consultancy is seeing a Lead Design Mechanical Engineer (ideally Chartered or working towards CEng status). This role is varied and lots of client liaising and project experience in, Hotels, hospitals, Commercial & Residential design experience.

 * Produce outline design, scheme design and detail design reports including drawings and specifications.
 * Take proactive role in influencing the design of the buildings in relation to efficient services integration and building energy performance.
 * Ensure deadlines are met and deliverables are on time







REQUIREMENTS
 * Knowledge and understanding of the built environment and all the associated design influences.
 * Strong experience of the Technical Standards, planning policies and relevant Regional (GCC countries), American and British standards.
 * Knowledge of local codes and standards (including GCC countries)
 * A excellent understanding of HTM, NFPA, ASHRAE and CIBSE codes & standards
 * 10 to 15 years of experience in of which minimum 5 years in the UAE in a similar role.
 * Be able to Lead a Mechanical Team; work competently on an independent basis






ABOUT THE COMPANY
Blake Anderson is a boutique consultancy based in the UK, with a satellite office in Dubai. Specialising in Technical and Construction Recruitment, Blake Anderson provides a superior service to clients and candidates within the construction and technical sectors.
We concentrate on placing professionals throughout the world, focusing mainly on the Middle East and Asia, drawing on both the global and local markets for highly qualified professionals. In order to attract the best talent, we invest in various high-end advertising mediums.
With a database of 1,000's of candidates, our experienced consultants have a wealth of recruitment knowledge and have a consultative approach at all times, ensuring a second to none service.






                    Easy Apply
            























Explore Blake Anderson careers
Receive relevant jobs by email


Find Top Talent




Explore our CV database




Post a job now








Other jobs you might be interested in


                                    Senior Mechanical Engineer Jobs in UAE
                                




                                    Mechanical Design Engineer Jobs in UAE
                                




                                    Mechanical Inspector Jobs in UAE
                                




                                    Mechanical Engineer Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Show More
                                




                                    Mechanical Engineer Jobs in Abu Dhabi
                                




                                    Mechanical Engineer Jobs in Sharjah
                                













            Advertise Here
        








