Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/medical-director-388129


















Jobs
Salaries
Resources

Free CV Review

CV Writing Service
Labour Laws
Public Holidays
For Employers



Login




Register









        Medical Director
    









                        Kinetic Business Solutions
                    

Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 28 Nov 2023




                    Easy Apply
            




New Job Search


View Similar Jobs











                {{ flashMessage.message }}
            

×








JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE


Expand all






Employment:

                            Full Time
                        



Kinetic has partnered with a leading Pharmaceutical company who are hiring a Medical Director MEA to be based in Dubai . 

 Please note that you must meet all the criteria set out below for your application to be considered. Suitable candidates will be contacted within 5 working days. If you are not contacted by us within that time, please consider your application unsuccessful on this occasion. 

 Key aspects of the role include: 
 - Develop and implement the medical strategy for the MEA region aligning with the global corporate objectives.  
 -  Ensure compliance with regional and local regulatory requirements.  
 -  Provide education and support to internal and external stakeholders.  
 -  Develop and maintain strong relationships with Key Opinion Leaders in the region.  
 -  Work closely with global cross-functional teams to ensure optimal pricing and reimbursement strategies in the region.  
 -  Prepare, organise, and manage resources including budget ensuring cost-effective utilization of resources.  
 -  Build and lead a high-performing team providing guidance and professional development.  







REQUIREMENTS
 To be successful you will need to meet the following: 
 - Medical Degree (MD or equivalent) from a recognized institution.  
 -  Minimum 8 - 10 years of relevant experience within the pharmaceutical industry.  
 -  Strong understanding of UAE healthcare regulations and compliance requirements.  
 -  Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English. Arabic is a plus.  
 -  Applicants should be available for face-to-face interviews in the location mentioned above.  






ABOUT THE COMPANY
Kinetic is a Middle East-based company that has been successfully providing a full range of recruitment solutions for leading Pharmaceutical, Agritech, Medical Device, Chemical and Sustainability organizations since 2012.
We provide an executive search service geared to any level of roles within these verticals which is led by industry experts. Our service is driven by innovative, established and proven research teams who customize each individual requirement from our clients.






                    Easy Apply
            























Explore Kinetic Business Solutions careers
Receive relevant jobs by email


Find Top Talent




Explore our CV database




Post a job now








Other jobs you might be interested in


                                    General Practitioner Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Physician Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Chief Executive Officer Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Medical Director Jobs in Abu Dhabi
                                




                                    Show More
                                




                                    Medical Director Jobs in Sharjah
                                




                                    Medical Director Jobs in Ajman
                                













            Advertise Here
        







 Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:






                            General Practitioner
                        




SearchPlus




Dubai



                                                    5 Sep 2023
                                            











                            Chief of Medical Center
                        




Kinetic Business Solutions




Riyadh



                                                    28 Nov 2023
                                            











                            Medical Director
                        




Michael Page




Saudi Arabia



                                                    12 Oct 2023
                                            











                            Director - Health (UAE National)
                        




Michael Page




UAE



                                                    28 Sep 2023
                                            











                            Director / General Manager / Head of Sales and Operations
                        




RTC-1 Employment Services




UAE



                                                    18 Sep 2023
                                            







