Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/paralegal-arabic-speaking-396685


















Jobs
Salaries
Resources

Free CV Review

CV Writing Service
Labour Laws
Public Holidays
For Employers



Login




Register









        Paralegal - Arabic speaking
    









                        Robert Half
                    

UAE
Posted on: 28 Nov 2023




                    Easy Apply
            




New Job Search











                {{ flashMessage.message }}
            

×








JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE


Expand all






Employment:

                            Full Time
                        



The Company

Robert Half are working with a company based in Bahrain who are looking to hire a Paralegal to join their growing team. This is a great opportunity to work closely with senior management and add value. You will be an expect paralegal with an appetite to learn and develop within the role.


The Role

 * Draft and negotiate various contracts, including client agreements, supplier contracts and non-disclosure agreements.
 * Review and analyse contracts to identify and highlight important clauses and obligations for management.
 * Actively monitor legal and regulatory developments relevant to the industry and company's jurisdictions, ensuring to recommend applicable compliance policies.
 * Assist in reviewing, amending and implementing changes to policies, procedures and standard documentation in light of legal developments in the region.
 * Identify and assess legal risks and put forward recommendations. Advise on legal disputes and coordinate with external counsel when necessary
 * Assist with corporate governance matters, including maintaining corporate records and drafting resolutions
 * Act as a trusted advisor and develop relationships with all relevant business stakeholders, government agencies and teams.
 * Assist in supporting the administrative aspects of KYC and due diligence.
 * Maintain a contracts database to track all company contracts and ensure the inclusion of important clauses like indemnification provisions, termination clauses and confidentiality clauses.
 * Monitor contract expiration dates and assist with contract renewals, amendments and change orders
 * Safekeeper of all company legal documentation and maintain an up-to-date documentation tracker across offices..
 * Set up and maintain IP portfolio, including trademarks and copyrights. Assist in registration and protection of IP assets.







REQUIREMENTS
The Candidate

 * Between 4-6 years of post-qualification legal experience, preferably with a multinational company
 * Paralegal with a degree in law or lawyer qualified to practice law in the MENA Jurisdiction
 * Ability to review, evaluate and negotiate procurement-related contracts
 * Ideally, experience in the professional services industry
 * Developed commercial awareness with an outcome-orientated approach and the ability to apply legal principles pragmatically
 * Effective planning and organising skills to prioritise key areas of responsibility, tasks and projects

Salary and Benefits 
Depending on experience and expertise

Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. Pay and salary ranges are dependent upon experience, qualifications and training. If you wish to apply, please read our Privacy Notice describing how we may process, disclose and store your personal data.






ABOUT THE COMPANY
Founded in 1948, Robert Half International Inc. (NYSE symbol: RHI) is the world\'s first and largest specialized staffing firm and a member of the S&P 500 index. We are a global leader in professional staffing and consulting services and the parent company of Protiviti, a leading independent internal audit and business and technology risk consulting firm. For 2006, Robert Half International reported revenues of $4 billion and now has staffing and consulting operations in more than 400 locations worldwide.






                    Easy Apply
            























Explore Robert Half careers
Receive relevant jobs by email


Find Top Talent




Explore our CV database




Post a job now








Other jobs you might be interested in


                                    Executive Assistant Jobs in UAE
                                




                                    Legal Secretary Jobs in UAE
                                




                                    Office Manager Jobs in UAE
                                




                                    Personal Assistant Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Show More
                                




                                    Personal Assistant Jobs in Abu Dhabi
                                




                                    Personal Assistant Jobs in Sharjah
                                













            Advertise Here
        








