Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/rental-sales-manager-396691


















Jobs
Salaries
Resources

Free CV Review

CV Writing Service
Labour Laws
Public Holidays
For Employers



Login




Register









        Rental Sales Manager
    









                        Smart Property Investments (SPI)
                    

Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 28 Nov 2023




                    Easy Apply
            




New Job Search











                {{ flashMessage.message }}
            

×








JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE


Expand all






Employment:

                            Full Time
                        



Are you interested in joining a company with modern processes, a productive atmosphere, and a track record of numerous successful deals?

Look no further!
Smart Property Investments is waiting for you!

We collaborate with top developers in the market and offer not only sales, but also business support and apartment management services, which attract a growing clientele.
We are the company that will help you establish a strong presence in the market, provide you with all the tools for successful deals in record time, make an unforgettable impression with our unique services, and help you build long-lasting client relationships.

We are looking for an ambitious Head of Rental Department.

What we offer:
1. Modern office in the center of Dubai;
2. Corporate training and support at all stages of work;
3. Friendly team of real experts;
4. Salary level is discussed individually.

Our team is not a classic real estate, we are real experts in investments. We will teach you all the intricacies of the market and how to sell for big checks.

If your goals align with ours, and you are an active individual looking for earning substantial income, don't wait! Apply today and join our team.

Your success is our target !







REQUIREMENTS
We will definitely match if you have???????:
1. Experience in the local market (UAE/Middle East) at least 3 years;
2. Professional skills in building and managing teams;
3. Knowledge of Russian/English;

Will be a plus:
Knowledge of Arabic language.

What we expect from you:
1. Analysis of Dubai Real Estate market and its competitive environment;
2. Expertise and knowledge of the market;
3. Professional conduct of the team of brokers;
4. Negotiations and transactions to the result;
5. In-depth knowledge in sales, searching for compromise solutions.






ABOUT THE COMPANY
We work with top developers and help to acquire the best real estate for personal use and for investment purposes. The SPI team are the best brokers leading the world of real estate in Dubai, always listening and satisfying the needs of clients.






                    Easy Apply
            























Explore Smart Property Investments (SPI) careers
Receive relevant jobs by email


Find Top Talent




Explore our CV database




Post a job now








Other jobs you might be interested in


                                    Business Development Manager Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Area Sales Manager Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Key Account Manager Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Sales Manager Jobs in Abu Dhabi
                                




                                    Show More
                                




                                    Sales Manager Jobs in Sharjah
                                




                                    Sales Manager Jobs in Ajman
                                













            Advertise Here
        








