Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/sales-manager-385170


















Jobs
Salaries
Resources

Free CV Review

CV Writing Service
Labour Laws
Public Holidays
For Employers



Login




Register









        Sales Manager
    









                        Kinetic Business Solutions
                    

Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 28 Nov 2023




                    Easy Apply
            




New Job Search


View Similar Jobs











                {{ flashMessage.message }}
            

×








JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE


Expand all






Employment:

                            Full Time
                        



Kinetic has partnered with a leading Medical Device company who are hiring a Sales Manager to be based in Dubai . 

 Please note that you must meet all the criteria set out below for your application to be considered. Suitable candidates will be contacted within 5 working days. If you are not contacted by us within that time, please consider your application unsuccessful on this occasion. 

 Key aspects of the role include: 
 - Manage a team of sales executives monitoring their performance and updating the Commercial Director on their activities.  
 -  Collaborate with the existing sales structure to market and sell a wide range of products and solutions to potential customers.  
 -  Identify and establish relationships with new clients, understanding their specific needs and providing customized solutions.  
 -  Maintain and enhance relationships with existing clients, ensuring their satisfaction, and addressing any concerns and inquiries.  







REQUIREMENTS
 To be successful you will need to meet the following: 
 - Only candidates currently based in the UAE will be considered.  
 -  Must possess a valid UAE driver's license.  
 -  BSc in biology, biochemistry, microbiology, or biotechnology.  
 -  Proven experience in sales, preferably in a similar industry such as Lab Instrumentation, Food/Beverage/Drug testing, or Oil and Gas.  
 -  Proficiency in sales software, CRM systems, and the Microsoft Office Suite.  
 -  Willingness to travel locally as well as regionally, as needed.  
 -  Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English and Arabic.  






ABOUT THE COMPANY
Kinetic is a Middle East-based company that has been successfully providing a full range of recruitment solutions for leading Pharmaceutical, Agritech, Medical Device, Chemical and Sustainability organizations since 2012.
We provide an executive search service geared to any level of roles within these verticals which is led by industry experts. Our service is driven by innovative, established and proven research teams who customize each individual requirement from our clients.






                    Easy Apply
            























Explore Kinetic Business Solutions careers
Receive relevant jobs by email


Find Top Talent




Explore our CV database




Post a job now








Other jobs you might be interested in


                                    Business Development Manager Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Area Sales Manager Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Key Account Manager Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Sales Manager Jobs in Abu Dhabi
                                




                                    Show More
                                




                                    Sales Manager Jobs in Sharjah
                                




                                    Sales Manager Jobs in Ajman
                                













            Advertise Here
        







 Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:






                            B2B Sales Manager
                        




RTC-1 Employment Services




Dubai



                                                    31 Aug 2023
                                            











                            Area Sales Manager
                        




Kinetic Business Solutions




Dubai



                                                    26 Nov 2023
                                            











                            Area Sales Manager - Vascular
                        




Michael Page




UAE



                                                    31 Aug 2023
                                            











                            Sales Manager
                        




Unique TAJ HR Consultancy




Muscat



                                                    31 Aug 2023
                                            











                            B2B Sales Manager
                        




KOTRA




Dubai



                                                    7 Nov 2023
                                            







