Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/sales-and-leasing-consultant-360566


















Jobs
Salaries
Resources

Free CV Review

CV Writing Service
Labour Laws
Public Holidays
For Employers



Login




Register









        Sales and Leasing Consultant
    









                        GCB Recruitment
                    

Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 28 Nov 2023




                    Easy Apply
            




New Job Search


View Similar Jobs











                {{ flashMessage.message }}
            

×








JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE


Expand all






Employment:

                            Full Time
                        



Are you a driven individual with a passion for property, interested in working in Dubai and earning a TAX-FREE salary?

If so, we are looking for Sales and Leasing Consultants to join our clients, who are rapidly expanding and considered one of the top 10 property companies in Dubai.

This role will be working on a commission-only basis, with full support and training provided by a strong Senior team including the owner of the business, with commissions that can be paid weekly rather than monthly!

Main Responsibilities: 

- Booking and attending Viewings
- Booking and attending Valuations
- Negotiating on Properties

Full Package:

- On target earnings 20,000 - 40,000 AED monthly 
- TAX FREE
- 50% Commission on properties let or sold
- Strong internal training - dedicated Training Academy and trainer 
- Working Visa
- Weekly pay
- Close team environment and team-building activities 
- Full support from management 
- A modern and well-designed office

Salary:

                            AED
                                                                                                            20,000 to 40,000
                                                                                                    per month inclusive of fixed allowances.
                            








REQUIREMENTS
Experience: 

Our clients are happy to consider both experienced real estate consultants, as well as, experienced individuals with sales or customer service backgrounds who are looking to get into the real estate industry. 

Skills and Personality traits: 

- Passion for Property
- Strong negotiating skills and the ability to close for business
- Excellent Customer service
- Driving License
- Driven to succeed 

Current Location: 

- Anywhere

Nationality:

- Any (Our clients are very proud of their multi-national team)

Language Fluency: 

- English






ABOUT THE COMPANY
Matching the right employee to the right job is crucial for business success. To do so requires experience and time, but unfortunately, busy companies and hard-working job seekers can often struggle with.
GCB Recruitment help bridge that gap, actively searching on your behalf to find and pair the most suitable job seekers with the correct job. As property and financial services industry leaders across the UK and overseas, we know the qualities required to flourish in these sectors.
We use a region and sector-specific approach unique to ourselves, meaning you'll have a single point of contact throughout the process, who understands exactly what you need. In fact, with the largest job and candidate pool in the market, we probably already have the right job seeker or role for you.






                    Easy Apply
            























Explore GCB Recruitment careers
Receive relevant jobs by email


Find Top Talent




Explore our CV database




Post a job now












            Advertise Here
        







 Candidates who applied for this job also applied for:






                            Commercial Property Sales and Leasing Consultant
                        




Chestertons




UAE



                                                    27 Nov 2023
                                            











                            Residential Real Estate Agent
                        




Chestertons




Dubai



                                                    28 Nov 2023
                                            











                            Sales Executive - Leisure
                        




Hyatt




Dubai



                                                    24 Nov 2023
                                            











                            Real Estate Consultant
                        




Chestertons




Dubai



                                                    28 Nov 2023
                                            











                            Real Estate Broker
                        




Elite & Luxury Real Estate




Dubai



                                                    11 Oct 2023
                                            







