Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/store-manager-391255


















Jobs
Salaries
Resources

Free CV Review

CV Writing Service
Labour Laws
Public Holidays
For Employers



Login




Register









        Store Manager
    









                        Chalhoub Group
                    

Dubai, UAE
Posted on: 28 Nov 2023




                    Apply
            




New Job Search











                {{ flashMessage.message }}
            

×








JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE


Expand all






Employment:

                            Full Time
                        



Zimmermann Job Ad - Dubai 

On behalf of Zimmermann , we are hiring for a Store Manager to lead the first new flagship store in Dubai!

Zimmermann is one of Australia's leading and most respected fashion designer brands. Zimmermann's ready-to-wear and swim and resort collections are sold through Zimmermann boutiques and high-end retailers both in Australia and internationally. We maintain stand-alone retail stores throughout Australia, Europe, UK, USA and China and a successful online business.

What you'll be doing: 

Your responsibilities will include driving and maximising sales and striving to provide excellence in client service, inspiring and motivating the team, day-to-day stock management and operations, CRM, visual presentation and creating an elevated and memorable brand experience.

Broad Areas of responsibilities will include: 

 - To successfully lead and develop a high performing team that achieves individual and team sales results, builds strong team morale and a positive workplace attitude. 
 - To consistently lead by example and role model for all team members. 
 - To execute Zimmermann "Shopping Experience" training program
 - To ensure client satisfaction is achieved by all team members. 
 - To consistently achieve sales and other brand required KPIs. 
 - To analyze the store sales and take necessary action to maximize sales opportunities. 
 - To build solid client relations and generate a returning Client base. 
 - To ensure that all team members are acquiring and growing the Zimmermann client database through engaging and maintaining professional client relationships ensuring full compliance with local legislation. 
 - To prepare, manage and execute the Visual Merchandising launches alongside the Assistant Manager 
 - To ensure that a consistent high standard of Visual Presentation is achieved and reflective of the brand directive. 







REQUIREMENTS
What you'll need to succeed 

 - The applicant must have previous management experience in fashion (essential), amazing client service skills, a proven ability to inspire, engage and develop team members to exceed KPI results, impeccable attention to detail and exceptional communication skills. 

We Invite All Applicants to Apply 

It Takes Diversity Of Thought, Culture, Background, Differing Abilities and Perspectives to truly Inspire, Exhilarate and Delight our customers. At Chalhoub Group, we are committed to inclusion and diversity.






ABOUT THE COMPANY
The Chalhoub Group is the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East since 1955. As an expert in retail, distribution and marketing services based in Dubai, the group has become a major player in the fashion, beauty and gift sectors regionally.
By blending its Middle East expertise and intimate knowledge of luxury, Chalhoub Group is building brands in the region, by offering service excellence to all its partners and a unique experience to its customers through its passionate teams.
With a growing workforce of more than 9,000 people, implemented in 14 countries, as well as the operating of over 470 retail outlets, the group's success is attributed to its most valued asset of highly skilled and dedicated teams. Professionalism and passion are what fuel the Chalhoub Group's competitive edge in today's market.
By being committed to implementing sustainable practices into their business, the Chalhoub Group has been awarded in 2013 the CSR Label from the Dubai Chamber of Commerce.






                    Apply
            























Explore Chalhoub Group careers
Receive relevant jobs by email


Find Top Talent




Explore our CV database




Post a job now








Other jobs you might be interested in


                                    Assistant Store Manager Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Sales Manager Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Retail Manager Jobs in Dubai
                                




                                    Store Manager Jobs in Abu Dhabi
                                




                                    Show More
                                




                                    Store Manager Jobs in Sharjah
                                




                                    Store Manager Jobs in Ajman
                                













            Advertise Here
        








