Assistant Manager  - BCM and ORM
Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/assistant-manager-bcm-and-orm-396586
COMPANY: Flow Talent
LOCATION: UAE
JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE: Employment Full Time. Flow Talent is working with a leading bank who are recruiting an Assistant Manager - BCM and ORM to be based in Umm Al Quwain . ,- Assist in the development, testing, and implementation of improvements and efficiencies in all areas of Business Continuity Management.  ,-  Conduct business impact analysis and risk assessments to identify critical business functions and potential risks.  ,-  Coordinate and oversee all business continuity planning and disaster recovery activities as required.  ,-  Take a lead role in the development and maintenance of the operational risk management framework.  ,-  Complete and perform assurance testing for the risk and control self-assessment process.  ,-  Develop and establish appropriate key risk indicators for the business units and ensure effective monitoring for any breaches.  ,-  Report and maintain operational loss databases through analysis of incident reports.  ,-  Track and monitor remediation plans for operational risks until completion.  ,-  Stay abreast of industry practices and all regulations related to BCM and ORM.  ,-  Any other tasks/projects assigned by the Manager.  
REQUIREMENTS:  To be successful you will need to meet the following ,- Bachelor's Degree in Accounting & Auditing, Mathematics, Statistics, Actuarial Sciences , Economics, Criminal Justice, or similar.  ,-  Graduate/Postgraduate in Financial Engineering  ,-  Minimum 10 years' experience of which at least 7 years in BCM / ORM in a local bank in the UAE or large-sized bank in other geographies. MBCI or CORP is a plus.  ,-  In-depth knowledge of fraud prevention and detection techniques, technologies, and industry best practices.  ,-  Experience in using and managing Automated fraud detection/data interrogation tools.  ,-  Experience in developing evidence related to accounting transactions.  ,-  Knowledge of Principles, theories, and practices of law enforcement court/ hearing, records, rules, procedures, and protocol.  ,-  Must have managed a team of 6-10 professionals.  ,-  Applicants should be available for face-to-face interviews in the location mentioned above.  ,ABOUT THE COMPANY,Flow Talent have been sourcing the best Banking, Technology, Financial Services & Legal professionals locally and internationally for leading organisations across the Middle East region since 2018.,Through years of experience, we know there is significant demand for highly skilled professionals and pride ourselves on having the highest calibre candidates. As a team, we strive to help our clients achieve operational and business excellence by identifying quality talent, quickly, through our collaborative approach.,Flow place professionals in the following sectors:,- Banking & Financial Services,- Digitalisation & Technology,- Legal & Compliance,-   Contingent Recruitment:,-   Retained Recruitment,-   Emiratization and Saudization,-   Market Entry
Other jobs you might be interested in: