Business Development Manager
Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/business-development-manager-396681
COMPANY: Quest Search & Selection 
LOCATION: UAE
JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE:  Full Time. Identify potential partnerships with theme parks, attractions, and resorts.,Develop and execute sales presentations and proposals.,Negotiate, close, and integrate contract requirements with business operations.,Maintain market awareness and understand the competition.,Build rapport with senior management in partner organizations.,Strengthen and develop existing partnerships.,Possess strong communication, negotiation, and influencing skills.
REQUIREMENTS:  Sales Savvy: Demonstrated success in B2B sales, preferably with 3+ years of experience. ,Strategic Thinker: Ability to develop and execute sales strategies for new business growth. ,Relationship Builder: Skilled at building and sustaining rapport with clients and partners. ,Market Awareness: Maintains a deep understanding of market dynamics and competition. ,Communication Pro: Strong written and oral communication skills with an assertive yet pleasant demeanor. ,Passion for Success: A driven individual with a passion for sales and a track record of achieving targets. ,Photography Enthusiast: A unique passion for photography that aligns with our industry.
ABOUT THE COMPANY: Quest Search & Selection is a specialist recruitment consultancy with over 20 years' experience in sourcing the world's best candidates for the global Retail, FMCG and Hospitality sectors.,With offices in the UK & Dubai, we have an international presence and a global reach. Our recruiters place candidates locally and internationally for a wide variety of roles focusing on the following areas:,Retail Buying & Merchandising, E-commerce & Digital, Food & Beverage, Hotels, Hospitality & Operations, Retail Stores & Operations, HR & Recruitment, Procurement, Supply Chain & Logistics, Sales & Marketing, Technical and New Product Development.,We work in partnership with our clients who range from famous international brands within the Retail, Restaurant, Hotel and Consumer products space. Our reputation is built on our in-depth understanding of the industry and our consultants' skill, knowledge and passion for their sectors.
Other jobs you might be interested in: