HR Executive
Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/hr-executive-396518
COMPANY: Quest Search & Selection 
LOCATION: UAE
JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE: Full Time. Assist in the recruitment process by sourcing candidates, screening resumes, and coordinating interviews. ,Maintain accurate and up-to-date employee records and databases. ,Address employee queries and concerns in a timely and professional manner. ,Prepare and maintain employment contracts and HR policies. ,Identify training needs and assist in organizing training programs. ,Contribute to the development and implementation of employee engagement programs. ,Assist in organizing employee events and activities.
REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's degree in human resources, Business Administration, or a related field.,1 year of relevant experience in HR roles.,Good verbal and written communication skills. Must be Arabic speaker. ,Strong organizational and multitasking abilities.,Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.,Discretion and the ability to handle sensitive information.
ABOUT THE COMPANY: Quest Search & Selection is a specialist recruitment consultancy with over 20 years' experience in sourcing the world's best candidates for the global Retail, FMCG and Hospitality sectors.,With offices in the UK & Dubai, we have an international presence and a global reach. Our recruiters place candidates locally and internationally for a wide variety of roles focusing on the following areas:,Retail Buying & Merchandising, E-commerce & Digital, Food & Beverage, Hotels, Hospitality & Operations, Retail Stores & Operations, HR & Recruitment, Procurement, Supply Chain & Logistics, Sales & Marketing, Technical and New Product Development.,We work in partnership with our clients who range from famous international brands within the Retail, Restaurant, Hotel and Consumer products space. Our reputation is built on our in-depth understanding of the industry and our consultants' skill, knowledge and passion for their sectors.,Explore Quest Search & Selection  careers
Other jobs you might be interested in: HR Assistant,HR and Admin Assistant,Human Resource Executive ,HR Officer - Onboarding,Recruitment Consultant - Talent Acquisition Specialist