Human Resource Manager
Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/human-resource-manager-396526
COMPANY: KNZ Solutions
LOCATION: Dubai, UAE
JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE: Full Time ,Collaborates with senior leadership to understand the organization's goals and strategy related to staffing, recruiting, and retention. ,Plans, leads, develops, coordinates, and implements policies, processes, training, initiatives, and surveys to support the organization's human resource compliance and strategy needs. ,Administers or oversees the administration of human resource programs including, but not limited to, compensation, benefits, and leave; disciplinary matters; disputes and investigations; performance and talent management; productivity, recognition, and morale; occupational health and safety; and training and development. ,Identifies staffing and recruiting needs; develops and executes best practices for hiring and talent management with an emphasis on candidates with H1B and H2B visas. ,Manages HR operations for internationally based offices and teams; maintaining all regulatory workforce compliance needs. ,Develops and implements a departmental budget that is aligned with strategic plan initiatives.,Evaluate employee engagement and morale to suggest initiatives and programs that balance organization goals with employee advocacy. ,Establishes innovative technology for internal operational functions to support a growing team. ,Conducts research and analysis of organizational trends including review of reports and metrics from the organization's human resource information system (HRIS) or talent management system. ,Monitors and ensures the organization's compliance with federal, state, and local employment laws and regulations, and recommended best practices; reviews and modifies policies and practices to maintain compliance. ,Maintains knowledge of trends, best practices, regulatory changes, and new technologies in human resources, talent management, and employment law; applies this knowledge to communicate changes in policy, practice, and resources to upper management. ,Facilitates professional development, training, and certification activities for HR staff.,Support operational compliance requirements such as ISO certification auditing.,Provide relevant information to support proposal response requirements.,Assists with the development of community impact initiatives and programs.,Be an active champion of KNZ’s mission, vision and collaborative culture.
REQUIREMENTS:  Recruits, interviews, hires, and trains new staff within the organization. Excellent interpersonal and negotiation skills.,Oversees the daily workflow of the department. ,Provides constructive and timely performance evaluations. ,Handles discipline and termination of employees in accordance with company policy. ,7+ years of experience of progressive HR management experience required.,Prior experience working within an enterprise-level, international organization and globally based teams strongly preferred.,Prior experience working with IT leaders, staff, and vendors strongly preferred.  ,Industry certifications such as SHRM-CP or SHRM-SCP and/or PHR or SPHR certifications or equivalent highly preferred.,Demonstrated ability to communicate, problem-solve, build and lead teams, work independently, and recommend business strategies.,Ability to travel on a limited basis, as required to support assigned projects/initiatives.,Excellent written and verbal communication skills required.,Strong organizational skills and attention to details with the ability to multi-task required.,Willingness to perform other duties as assigned that may extend beyond the scope of the primary job description.
ABOUT THE COMPANY: KNZ is a global IT consulting company. KNZ strength is built on the knowledge, extensive hands on experience, capabilities and competency level of its team. In addition, to its project delivery approach and project management discipline, our consultants are leading business and technical advisors, each possessing particular knowledge and experience, which adds value to the work provided to our clients.,Our client-focused strategy works through both the planning and execution phases with our clients’ core business objectives. KNZ specializes in solving complex IT challenges using our industry research, service-offering expertise and technology potential, we identify trends and develop solutions to help our clients.,We work closely with our clients to identify, then quantify the organizational high-level goals, and create a road map on how to get there. We cover all functional levels from long-term strategic planning to day-to-day operations.,Explore KNZ Solutions careers
Other jobs you might be interested in: HR Operations Manager,Compass Project Consulting,Generalist HR Manager,Irwin & Dow,A Leading Consultancy In UAE,Metaworld Technology,Generalist HR Business Partner