Medical Director
Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/medical-director-388129
COMPANY: Kinetic Business Solutions
LOCATION: Dubai, UAE
JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE:  Full Time
Kinetic has partnered with a leading Pharmaceutical company who are hiring a Medical Director MEA to be based in Dubai . 
Please note that you must meet all the criteria set out below for your application to be considered. Suitable candidates will be contacted within 5 working days. If you are not contacted by us within that time, please consider your application unsuccessful on this occasion. ,Develop and implement the medical strategy for the MEA region aligning with the global corporate objectives.  , Ensure compliance with regional and local regulatory requirements.  , Provide education and support to internal and external stakeholders.  , Develop and maintain strong relationships with Key Opinion Leaders in the region.  , Work closely with global cross-functional teams to ensure optimal pricing and reimbursement strategies in the region.  , Prepare, organise, and manage resources including budget ensuring cost-effective utilization of resources.  , Build and lead a high-performing team providing guidance and professional development.  
REQUIREMENTS: Medical Degree (MD or equivalent) from a recognized institution.  ,Minimum 8 - 10 years of relevant experience within the pharmaceutical industry.  ,Strong understanding of UAE healthcare regulations and compliance requirements.  ,Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English. Arabic is a plus.  ,Applicants should be available for face-to-face interviews in the location mentioned above.  
ABOUT THE COMPANY: Kinetic is a Middle East-based company that has been successfully providing a full range of recruitment solutions for leading Pharmaceutical, Agritech, Medical Device, Chemical and Sustainability organizations since 2012. ,We provide an executive search service geared to any level of roles within these verticals which is led by industry experts. Our service is driven by innovative, established and proven research teams who customize each individual requirement from our clients. ,Explore Kinetic Business Solutions careers
Other jobs you might be interested in : General Practitioner,Chief of Medical Center,Medical Director,Director - Health (UAE National),Director / General Manager / Head of Sales and Operations