Project Coordinator
Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/project-coordinator-396667
COMPANY: Charterhouse
LOCATION: Abu Dhabi, UAE
JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE: Full Time. Charterhouse is working with a leading government organisation within Professional Services based in Abu Dhabi. Our client is looking to hire a Project Coordinator to provide a range of administrative tasks for project management function.,The Project Coordinator will work closely and support the Project Manager to oversee all administrative tasks, coordinating project activities, managing timelines and ensuring projects are completed within the specific time frame and within budget.,This role will track project tasks, notify management of any delays or issues as well as support in the planning for facilities of projects, create workflows and monitor whilst in process. In addition, the role will identify any issues, whilst offering suggestions where the team can improve.,The Coordinator will work with the Project Manager to track expenses and budget for future project costs and purchase orders for equipment and software. Building and maintaining relationships with internal teams, external vendors and the project team is crucial for this role.
REQUIREMENTS: To be considered for this role, the successful candidate should have a minimum of 5 years’ experience within a similar position, with UAE work experience. The ideal candidate will be able to provide knowledge of budgetary practices and principles as well as demonstrate an understanding of facilities management.,Our client is looking for an experienced Project Coordinator who is a self-sufficient, highly organised individual with excellent interpersonal and reporting skills. The candidate must be a computer literate with experience using all functions of Microsoft Office along with strong communication skills in English, both written and verbal. Arabic language skills would also be an advantage.
ABOUT THE COMPANY: The Charterhouse brand and business was launched in Dubai and the Middle East in April 2004 by a team of international recruiters and management consultants, after its inception in Sydney, Australia in September 2003. Charterhouse Middle East is now positioned as the leading regional recruiter within its area of disciplines and functional markets.,Charterhouse offers professional and bespoke contingency and retained search services to all sectors of the market. Service quality is guaranteed, thanks to a particular focus on flexibility. Charterhouse was the first international search and selection business to establish Dubai as its base. The growth in the Middle East region has been mirrored by Charterhouse globally, with offices now in Qatar, Hong Kong, Singapore, Melbourne and Sydney.,Explore Charterhouse careers
Other jobs you might be interested in: