Sales Manager
Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/sales-manager-385170
COMPANY: Kinetic Business Solutions
LOCATION: Dubai, UAE
JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE:Employment Full Time .Kinetic has partnered with a leading Medical Device company who are hiring a Sales Manager to be based in Dubai . ,Manage a team of sales executives monitoring their performance and updating the Commercial Director on their activities.  ,Collaborate with the existing sales structure to market and sell a wide range of products and solutions to potential customers.  ,Identify and establish relationships with new clients, understanding their specific needs and providing customized solutions.  ,Maintain and enhance relationships with existing clients, ensuring their satisfaction, and addressing any concerns and inquiries.  
REQUIREMENTS:  Only candidates currently based in the UAE will be considered.  ,Must possess a valid UAE driver's license.  ,BSc in biology, biochemistry, microbiology, or biotechnology.  ,Proven experience in sales, preferably in a similar industry such as Lab Instrumentation, Food/Beverage/Drug testing, or Oil and Gas.  ,Proficiency in sales software, CRM systems, and the Microsoft Office Suite.  ,Willingness to travel locally as well as regionally, as needed.  ,Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English and Arabic.  
ABOUT THE COMPANY: Kinetic is a Middle East-based company that has been successfully providing a full range of recruitment solutions for leading Pharmaceutical, Agritech, Medical Device, Chemical and Sustainability organizations since 2012.,We provide an executive search service geared to any level of roles within these verticals which is led by industry experts. Our service is driven by innovative, established and proven research teams who customize each individual requirement from our clients.,Explore Kinetic Business Solutions careers
Other jobs you might be interested in: B2B Sales Manager,RTC-1 Employment Services,Dubai,Area Sales Manager,Kinetic Business Solutions,Area Sales Manager - Vascular,Michael Page,UAE,Sales Manager,Unique TAJ HR Consultancy,Muscat,KOTRA