Social Media Marketing Executive
Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/social-media-marketing-executive-396647
COMPANY: The Eight Estate
LOCATION: Dubai, UAE
JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE:The 8 Estate is looking for a creative and strategic Social Media Manager to elevate our brand's online presence. As a Social Media Manager, you will be responsible for developing and implementing our social media strategy as well as being in front of the camera to increase our online presence and improve our marketing and sales efforts in the real estate sector. ,Develop, implement, and manage our social media strategy, aligning with business goals. ,Collaborate with marketing, sales, and real estate teams to ensure brand consistency. ,Communicate with industry professionals and influencers via social media to create a strong network. ,Manage and oversee social media content planning and scheduling. ,Measure the success of social media campaigns and provide reports on key metrics. ,Stay up-to-date with the latest social media best practices and technologies. ,Use social media marketing tools such as Buffer, Hootsuite, or similar. ,Opportunities for professional development and growth within a leading real estate company. ,Dynamic and innovative work environment.
REQUIREMENTS: Proven work experience as a Social Media Manager or similar role.,Excellent knowledge of Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Instagram, Google+, and other social media best practices.,Experience with doing audience and buyer persona research.,Good understanding of social media KPIs and web traffic metrics.,Excellent multitasking skills and team player attitude.,Strong written and verbal communication skills.
ABOUT THE COMPANY: The 8 Estate, we are proud to be a new player in the real estate market, offering a boutique experience like no other. We specialize in providing impeccable white-glove service tailored to VIP clients who demand nothing less than the absolute best: Our mission is simple to redefine excellence in the real estate industry by delivering personalized, bespoke services that cater to the unique needs and discerning tastes of our esteemed clientele. As a boutique agency, we prioritize quality over quantity, ensuring that each client receives the utmost attention, care, and exclusivity they deserve: What sets us apart is our unwavering commitment to providing a seamless and extraordinary real estate journey. From the moment our clients engage with us, they can expect a dedicated team of experts who will go above and beyond to deliver exceptional results. We understand that buying or selling a property is more than a transaction - it's an experience, and we strive to make it a truly unforgettable one: Explore The Eight Estate careers
Other jobs you might be interested in: