Store Manager
Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/store-manager-391255
COMPANY: Chalhoub Group
LOCATION: Dubai, UAE
JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE: Employment Full Time On behalf of Zimmermann , we are hiring for a Store Manager to lead the first new flagship store in Dubai!,Zimmermann is one of Australia's leading and most respected fashion designer brands. Zimmermann's ready-to-wear and swim and resort collections are sold through Zimmermann boutiques and high-end retailers both in Australia and internationally. We maintain stand-alone retail stores throughout Australia, Europe, UK, USA and China and a successful online business.,Your responsibilities will include driving and maximising sales and striving to provide excellence in client service, inspiring and motivating the team, day-to-day stock management and operations, CRM, visual presentation and creating an elevated and memorable brand experience.,Broad Areas of responsibilities will include: To successfully lead and develop a high performing team that achieves individual and team sales results, builds strong team morale and a positive workplace attitude. ,To consistently lead by example and role model for all team members. ,To execute Zimmermann "Shopping Experience" training program,To ensure client satisfaction is achieved by all team members. ,To consistently achieve sales and other brand required KPIs. ,To analyze the store sales and take necessary action to maximize sales opportunities. ,To build solid client relations and generate a returning Client base. ,To ensure that all team members are acquiring and growing the Zimmermann client database through engaging and maintaining professional client relationships ensuring full compliance with local legislation. ,To prepare, manage and execute the Visual Merchandising launches alongside the Assistant Manager ,To ensure that a consistent high standard of Visual Presentation is achieved and reflective of the brand directive. ,What you'll need to succeed ,- The applicant must have previous management experience in fashion (essential), amazing client service skills, a proven ability to inspire, engage and develop team members to exceed KPI results, impeccable attention to detail and exceptional communication skills. 
ABOUT THE COMPANY: The Chalhoub Group is the leading partner for luxury across the Middle East since 1955. As an expert in retail, distribution and marketing services based in Dubai, the group has become a major player in the fashion, beauty and gift sectors regionally.,By blending its Middle East expertise and intimate knowledge of luxury, Chalhoub Group is building brands in the region, by offering service excellence to all its partners and a unique experience to its customers through its passionate teams.,With a growing workforce of more than 9,000 people, implemented in 14 countries, as well as the operating of over 470 retail outlets, the group's success is attributed to its most valued asset of highly skilled and dedicated teams. Professionalism and passion are what fuel the Chalhoub Group's competitive edge in today's market.,By being committed to implementing sustainable practices into their business, the Chalhoub Group has been awarded in 2013 the CSR Label from the Dubai Chamber of Commerce.,Explore Chalhoub Group careers
Other jobs you might be interested in: