Supply Chain Operation Manager
Job Offer Link: https://www.gulftalent.com/uae/jobs/supply-chain-operation-manager-396699
COMPANY: KNZ Solutions
LOCATION: Dubai, UAE
JOB DESCRIPTION / ROLE: Employment Full Time. Assist NetSuite ERP/CRM Admin,Ensure all systems are up to date ,Ensure the team is sending the weekly reports complete and on time. ,Ensure the team is monitoring all projects consumed hours and notifying sales, PM and cc leadership when 50% of planned hours is consumed. ,Manage UAE resources schedule/working hours ,Collaborate with PMs to understand coverage needs ,Aim for 40+ billable hours a week for each engineer ,Manage KNZ goal of quoting clients withing 48hrs from the time they request a quote. ,Assist AR/AP team and ensure all systems are reconciled within the 1st 10days of each month ,Invoicing & Submit/reconcile expense reports ,Manage all aspects of human resources such as payroll, insurance, visa, PRO, personnel issues and maintain related confidential files ,Assist with annual review for all UAE resources,Manage OEM relationships including partner level and available training,Provide Monthly and Quarterly Reports to KNZ leadership ,UAE Revenue, UAE Operations cost and UAE resource Utilization ,CRM Pipeline and projected revenue. All projects in ERP must have POP ,Escalation Point of Contact for any UAE related issues ,Plans goals/objectives for office operations and identifies the resources (staff, equipment, funds) required to attain the end results. ,Monitors UAE office procedures and resolves problems through collaboration with pertinent ,Assist with US operations ,Assist with KNZ ISO 9001 certification ,Assist with preparing KNZ to pursue ISO 27001 certification and CMMC certification ,Write and distribute email, correspondence memos, letters, faxes and forms ,Resolves operational problems related to customer service, accounting procedures and others. ,Coordinates and oversees the completion of special projects as needed. ,Types correspondence and various documentation in proper format and proofreads/distributes as assigned. ,Performs other related duties as assigned
REQUIREMENTS: NetSuite experience ,Supply chain experience ,Required experience in Office Administration and/or operations coordination,Knowledge of office management systems and procedures,Excellent time management skills and the ability to prioritize work,Attention to detail and problem-solving skills,Excellent written and verbal communication skills,Strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task,Self-driving and willing to wear multiple hats
ABOUT THE COMPANY: KNZ is a global IT consulting company. KNZ strength is built on the knowledge, extensive hands on experience, capabilities and competency level of its team. In addition, to its project delivery approach and project management discipline, our consultants are leading business and technical advisors, each possessing particular knowledge and experience, which adds value to the work provided to our clients.,Our client-focused strategy works through both the planning and execution phases with our clients’ core business objectives. KNZ specializes in solving complex IT challenges using our industry research, service-offering expertise and technology potential, we identify trends and develop solutions to help our clients.,We work closely with our clients to identify, then quantify the organizational high-level goals, and create a road map on how to get there. We cover all functional levels from long-term strategic planning to day-to-day operations.,Explore KNZ Solutions careers
Other jobs you might be interested in: